Updated broken links on ERC1155DelayedReveal.mdx (#553)
thirdweb-dev/docs: docs/onboarding/1 Solidity SDK/Base Contracts/ERC1155/ERC1155DelayedReveal.mdx

import "@thirdweb-dev/contracts/base/ERC1155DelayedReveal.sol";
```

> `ERC1155DelayedReveal` adds the [Delayed Reveal](/glossary/delayed-reveal) feature to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ERC1155DelayedReveal` adds the [Delayed Reveal](/solidity/extensions/delayedreveal) feature to the
```

Reviewer: okay no, makes sense what you did

Author: Ok i wasn't sure, but it seemed like in that context it was trying to more info on the term. Im going to quickly go through the pages and make sure they link up.

Reviewer: yeah let's leave it with the glossary makes sense
